pocket game I think they're gonna sue me
how you gonna sue me when you're dead I
hate this I hate gaming journalists it's
the only thing I hate more than people
that actually play games they got one
day after day with their reviews and
their features and previews and what are
they achieved nothing cuz they're idiots
their chapters they're assholes I don't
like them and they're not as good as me
there's a box or whatever it isn't Gavin
Murphy from Egan which stands for
ignoramus you want it don't you walk
into my toilet and talk smack about me
why don't you go back to your big
website where your cover games properly
yes well if it isn't game sport my arch
nemesis look at ya sit him by the wall
okay I just went past the car park who
wants to come out there don't don't you
think it's funny
listen is there MCV who is this it's
this Miller you're damn right it's
Miller now listen let's get to it
what the hell does MC veigh even spam
for it's nonsense
doesn't make sense we've done this
before we don't have time for this it
stands for the market for computer and
now it darlin it stands for mass
communicated vomitus
fuck sighs that's why edge I'll be wait
the mass where everyday month on a job
EU me Peck it's our problem that fine
oh you're standing out like you're a big
boy guys all right you touched me hey
polygon it's Steve Byrnes Marisa nice I
heard they're going to rename episode
one of that documentary you did about
changing games yonas and the Phantom
Menace mother this phone call is
nonsense all you do is pedal nonsense
Snyder you drag the industry into the
mud snarling goodbye mother
we're hanging out in the house and
they're not looking over there
it's an outside Xbox I'm not even gonna
chat to those guys cuz I'm tired
what a pile of shit thanks but you're
going deck
now you across the line more with your
Kayne spot you think that's funny
oh I didn't make this t-shirt well I did
but not as good as yours no wait it
isn't good as yours
some people think it's ballsy so walk up
to a wall an inanimate object and stick
things to it not ballsy that's pathetic
it's a waste of your time
and more importantly it's a waste of my
time and that's why this year I'm giving
this the biggest waste of Millis time to
Eurogamer
that's right gaming journalists don't
mess with me
or I'll take it to the chopping cleaners
my life you're supposed to be dead
hmm but alumni good friends - damn we
all go to better places so you went to
Gamescom damn right
you ran around York you jumped you
harass people
you made a little man levitate you're
going people's faces
you're head-butted gab Murphy from Aiken
you made them all look like the twats
that they are good job